hello very good everyone I am the comrade
of the dgt guides this time with a
appearance already known the saga that not
he painted nothing wrong in old games but
that in this modern warfare 3 has been
stayed a little behind compared to other
machine guns let's go with lage
the glow 18 is a variant of the gun
glow 17
except that it has a shot selector that
allows you to shoot in automatic mode
It was designed in Austria by a brigade
antiterrorist in 82 is a gun
Automatic perfect for combat
close as it uses a 9 gauge
mm combined with a battery charger
20 or 30 rounds and a cadence
1100 bullets per minute a choice
really advisable for lovers
from the rains of bullets in a pocket
well let's go with modern warfare 3
the ahe 18 is a mixing gun what
we will unlock on 970 and it will be for
something is a clue the entrance of a
very high rate of 1000 shots per
minute being second only to the fmg
but that has a very high damage killing
of 3 near shots or 6 far away has
a very vertical recoil but
controllable with some skill though
stability will take us a long time
acquire it
within the choice of details that
we can put the gun is not strange
let's say that one of the most actions
recommended is in dual mode together with
stable aim doubling a power
of fire that series is already very beast
in this dual mode the r18 are not
comparable to its version in the modern
warfare2 but still have a
totally devastating power
on the other hand it has a 20 charger
bullets very inferior to the rest of pistols
machine guns like those extended
of only 30 for it to opt this
accessory we have many better
selections in this fingering is not very
necessary has the fastest recharge of
the category of 2 to 10 seconds with the
full 76 charger with charger
empty for this and for its cadence that
we see that scavenger is the best option
if we do not like dual mode always
we can opt for a silencer that in
this gun works at a thousand
wonders we compare even with the mlb
good in summary the ahe 18 is the
alternative not so sow to those who do not
they should be named that pair of
twins that we all hate with a
very decent gain and good damage is
It turns into a perfect pistol for
save our asses except for some other
Stick as the boots use clever
from the hip will be the best option in
most of the times due to its
recoil but it's still a spit
of master bullets we put a 6 with 5
do not miss the latest weapons guide of
model to parts with special of the
rocket launcher promised to submit only the gt